That's it guys, we've reached the fifth
video of this sequence of their
principles of a good kick
previously we spoke about guard and
Now I'm going to tell you the truth.
this principle is the principle of
I can practically land
that is where most people
it was people, many people know
rotation well knows of lighthouse has a good
synchronization often even know the
guard but kick landing
we take very very very very
a lot because because most of the time
we only train one or two types of
landing 1 to 5 2 there was again
someone who trains the three types of
learning because the landing
kick
she has three types because the kick has
several variations a lot can
happen when you have a kick and it's
This will make a difference to you.
learn the principle of the adversary
first occasion
You can not just train a kick in the
punching bag in the dark because it occurs
the occasion for you to miss the kick
that is if you miss the kick the type of
landing you have to do
and other
probably if you kick
circular and opponent raul or his
energy is passing you do not
You'll have nothing that bore you, will you?
have to complete the spin
so the type of training for this type of
landing is the complete circular kick
that we usually train that way
complete circular ie I went kicking
in the opponent of some I was wrong I have
that back has to have this type of
landing
I can not go wrong and fall I have to
rap round or in case
see more side only to give a
beat
you make the defense with the front leg
Even if you're wrong, do not take this into account.
mind
Your kick will not always catch many.
Sometimes you'll go wrong and you have to
train this type of landing
the second type of landing is already
different when you reach the
opponent is when you hit the
opponent
many times you do not move it from the
place because you can hit the
you probably do not
will move it then this kind of
training is already invalid for this you
need another because your leg does not
It'll be over for you to finish the spin.
so what happens if you train only the
first step when you make a
kick and hit the opponent you will not
know how to analyze and will end up buying it
part that most is if you go
hit the opponent
You have to have the notion that you do not
will surpass his energy you will
have to go back to your guard
whether you hit the opponent and not
got to move it you have to
and hit back earlier now
This is great. We train this.
kind of kicking a shell with a partner
or even a hard or fixed location not
necessarily at a fixed location for
we lean on our backs and go back
necessarily need to kick
the question here is not the kick will be
present in synchrony
that I want to train only have there I just
I like it and the penalty in the place the kick and return
returns with the rotation for me it waits
normal
I kick back together and I come back this guy.
training will symbolize exactly what
when you hit the opponent and do not
can move and the third type of
landing will be when you reach
the opponent and can move with much
of times, especially when people
hit the head
we hit the opponent and he moves
if he falls and goes to the side
even in memory loss then this type
attention, we're going to be different.
because you will have hit an opponent
and at the same time avoid shifting or
whether its strength does not pass in the wind and
her strength is not interdicted she is not
stop
she still has one type of vote in this
if I recommend you train in a kick
and landing forward with the same
leg or in a way you gain the
kicked back and forth in the same way as the
first but it's interesting to have
these three training options for the
kick learning
the complete circular kick that is when
you miss the kick
the kick and start back and a kick in
that you pat and search with the leg of the
kick in the front
if you have three options they will
serve for these three types of occasions
obviously there are two other
seasons greetings
we will not go deep into who
speak in counting spin kick and
are other things speaking the principles
for any martial timer can improve
much his kick was with us and the
We're still going to the sixth part now.
that we will talk about the area of
impact
ae